java c Assessment 4. Final Report CVEN 9051 – Masters Practice Project B Task Requirements This is your last requirement for your Thesis. You have the opportunity to compile and present a professional level document showcasing your individual achievements this semester. In preparing your Thesis B submission, whilst it is presented in ‘Report format’ you will be required to upload two submissions as one single pdf: (i)           Fact Sheet (ii)          Final Report. Fact SheetA requirement that has to be included within your Thesis submission is a Fact Sheet. The fact sheet will be a one-page document, which can be used to briefly explain your project and could be used  for community and industry outreach. More details on this will be covered in the Week 9 lecture. Please submit the Fact Sheet in the same upload link as the Final Report Final Report In preparing your submission for Thesis B it is expected that your document will be sequenced with these headings: Title page Originality Statement Authenticity Statement Executive Summary Acknowledgements Abbreviations Contents List of Figures List of Tables 1.           Introduction 2.           Literature Review 4.           Methodology 5.           Results 6.           Discussion 6.           Conclusion and Recommendations References Appendices Submission Requirements and Mark Allocation Final Report 50% - Due Sunday 17th  November 11:59 PM (Week 10) via Moodle portal Assessment Task 4 as an individual submission carries the following marks allocation: •    Fact Sheet (1-page maximum): 5 Marks •    Final Report (25-30 pages without including Appendix): 45 Mar代 写CVEN 9051 – Masters Practice Project B Assessment 4Web 代做程序编程语言ks, Please see marking Rubric for breakdown It is expected that your Thesis submission will be at ‘industry professional standard’ with regards its: written content, set-out, spacing, headings, paragraphing, sentence structure and spelling, the inclusion of any charts, diagrams, maps or pictures, in-text referencing (to Harvard Standard) and referral to any appendix material. Additional Guidance In preparing your writings you are at liberty to include any pictures, schematics and your drawings to enhance your essay. These should be sized so that any one picture, schematic, etc. does not fill more than one-third to one-half of a page. The smallest font you should be using is 12-point for the text-body writing. ‘Times New Roman’ font is normal for this type of report writing, using single line spacing. Headings are to be in 14 or 16 point. Use ‘black’ bolding or italics, appropriately for headings and text. Use page margin sizing of 25 mm for top, bottom and right margins and 31mm for the left margin (with a 6mm allowance for the  binding your thesis document). For your planning purposes at this time you are advised that Assessment Task 4 will be in the order of 25-30 pages in length plus Appendix(s). You are also advised if you are undertaking significant amounts of design calculations these should be included as Appendix detail and not form. the body (the 25-30 pages) of the Thesis. All Appendix content will not be counted in document page count. It is highly recommended that you use a reference managing software such as Zotero or EndNote to ensure you reference correctly (the “ Elsevier – Harvard (with  titles)” is recommended)

加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
